<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference_ckt_yw2_mw" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Copyright</title>
  <shortdesc/>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword/>
        <indexterm>copyright<indexterm>notice</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>Publication Information One MB is equal to one million bytes, one GB is equal to one
        billion bytes, one TB equals 1,000GB (one trillion bytes) and one PB equals 1,000TB when
        referring to storage capacity. Usable capacity will vary from the raw capacity due to object
        storage methodologies and other factors. </p>
      <p>The following paragraph does not apply to any jurisdiction where such provisions are
        inconsistent with local law: THIS PUBLICATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
        KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
        MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. </p>
      <p>This publication could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are
        periodically made to the information herein; these changes will be incorporated in new
        editions of the publication. There may be improvements or changes in any products or
        programs described in this publication at any time. It is possible that this publication may
        contain reference to, or information about, HGST products (machines and programs),
        programming, or services that are not announced in your country. Such references or
        information must not be construed to mean that Western Digital Corporation intends to
        announce such HGST products, programming, or services in your country. Technical information
        about this product is available by contacting your local HGST product representative or on
        the Internet at: support.hgst.com. </p>
      <p>© 2016 Western Digital Corporation or its affiliates. </p>
      <p>Long Live Data, EasiScale, and the HGST logo are trademarks of Western Digital Corporation
        or its affiliates in the U.S. and/or other countries. Amazon S3, Amazon Simple Storage
        Services, and Amazon AWS S3 are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates in the
        United States and/or other countries. Other trademarks are the property of their respective
        owners. References in this publication to HGST-branded products, programs, or services do
        not imply that they will be made available in all countries. Product specifications provided
        are sample specifications and do not constitute a warranty. Actual specifications for unique
        part numbers may vary. Please visit the Support section of our website,
        www.hgst.com/support/systems-support, for additional information on product specifications.
        Photographs may show design models. References in this publication to HGST-branded products,
        programs or services do not imply that they are to be available in all countries in which
        HGST operates.</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
