<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_Persona" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Persona</title>
 <shortdesc/>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <keywords>
    <keyword/>
    <indexterm/>
   </keywords>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p audience="admin">The Persona identifies the user type and defines the information that is
   available to this user. There are three types of “persona”: </p>
  <p audience="partner">The Persona identifies the user type and defines the information that is
   available to this user. There are two types of “persona”: </p>
  <p audience="customer">The Persona identifies the user type and defines the information that is
   available to this user. As "customer" persona, you have view access to your own account
   information and system data. </p>
  <dl audience="admin">
   <dlentry>
    <dt>Admin</dt>
    <dd>A user who is an “Admin” type, has view access to the system data of all customers. These
     users are typically <ph>company</ph> personnel.</dd>
   </dlentry>
   <dlentry>
    <dt>OEM</dt>
    <dd>A user who is of an "OEM" type belongs to a special type of customer. This customer is
     typically an <ph conref="../../common/variables.dita#general/CompanyNameAcronym">HGST</ph>
     partner, for example a service provider or reseller. The partner provides <ph
      conref="../../common/variables.dita#sw/cm_short">ActiveScale CM</ph> to its own customers.
     This type of user has view access to the account system data and to the system data of all
     his/her customers.</dd>
   </dlentry>
   <dlentry>
    <dt>Customer</dt>
    <dd>A user who is a "Customer" type has view access to the system data of its own account.</dd>
   </dlentry>
  </dl>
  <dl audience="partner">
   <dlentry>
    <dt>OEM</dt>
    <dd>A user who has the "OEM" persona, belongs typically to an <ph
      conref="../../common/variables.dita#general/CompanyNameAcronym">HGST</ph> partner. This can be
     a service provider or reseller, providing <ph conref="../../common/variables.dita#sw/cm_short"
      >ActiveScale CM</ph> to its own customers.</dd>
   </dlentry>
   <dlentry>
    <dt>Customer</dt>
    <dd>A user who is a "Customer" type has view access to the system data of its own account.</dd>
   </dlentry>
  </dl>
  <p/>
 </conbody>
</concept>
